QBI Helper docs (#902)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/modules/qbi-helper/interest-query.md

<%(TOC)%>

# How to construct an InterestQuery

<%(Callout message="

> Before reading this document, make sure you are familiar with:

Author: ```suggestion
Before reading this document, make sure you have read:
```

  * [Introduction to Query-based interest]({{urlRoot}}/modules/qbi-helper/intro-to-qbi)
  * [How to use InterestTemplate]({{urlRoot}}/modules/qbi-helper/interest-template)
")%>

An [`InterestQuery`]({{urlRoot}}/api/query-based-interest/interest-query) object contains the constraint of a query and the components that the query will return from entities that match the given constraint.

> > In the future, the Runtime will also provide functionality to limit the frequency at which a query returns results.

Reviewer: Is this disclosed anywhere else? If not, lets not put this here

Author: It's mentioned in the upcoming features section of the current QBI page: https://docs.improbable.io/reference/13.6/shared/reference/query-based-interest#upcoming-features

## Create a query

> To create an interest query, call `InterestQuery.Query` and provide a [`Constraint`]({{urlRoot}}/api/query-based-interest/constraint). For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create an interest query, call `InterestQuery.Query` and provide a [`Constraint`]({{urlRoot}}/api/query-based-interest/constraint).
```

> To create an interest query, you must call `InterestQuery.Query` and provide a [`Constraint`]({{urlRoot}}/api/query-based-interest/constraint). For example:

Reviewer: `you must call` -> `call`

```csharp
var query = InterestQuery

>     .Query(Constraint.RelativeSphere(20));

Reviewer 2: does that need to be on 2 lines?

Author: I was trying to be consistent with how we put `.Query` on a separate line in all other code samples

```

<%(#Expandable title="What constraints can I use?")%>

> To learn more about what the available constraints, see:

Author: ```suggestion
To learn more about the available constraints, see:
```
